## WP1 meeting 1.06.2021

# Minutes

# Attendance:

* André Teófilo Beck
* Zhao-Hui Lu
* Jose Rangel 
* Jürgen Hackl
* Jannie Sønderkær Nilsen
* Carmen Andrade
* Dimitri Val
* Albrecht Lenz
* Jianbing Chen
* Yongbo Peng
* Maria Pina Limongelli
* Mark Stewart
* Alan O’Connor
* Colin Caprani
* John Dalsgaard Sørensen
* Ton Vrouwenvelder
* Inger Kroon
* Niels Peter Høj
* Michael Faber
* Jochen Köhler

Summary:

The following agenda has been followed during the WP1 meeting:

1. New platform (Köhler, Hackl)
2. Environmental Effects (Andrade, Val)
3. Traffic Load (O’Connor, Caprani)
4. Explosions (Stewart, Vrouwenvelder)
5. Concrete (Jianbing Chen)
6. JCSS Workshop on Reassessment of Structures (Alan O’Connor)
7. Eurocodes (Vrouwenvelder et al.)
8. Other topics

The following actions had been agreed on at the meeting:

* The fist part of the document “Environmental exposure, corrosion initiation” will be reviewed by Robby Caspele and then finalised. (Val)
* The second part on “Environmental exposure, corrosion initiation” will be reviewed by a review group consisting of André Beck, Ton Vrouwenvelder and Jochen Köhler and discussed at the next meeting. (Andrade)

* A task group meeting on the development of the PMC section on Traffic Load will be organised. Progress will be reported at the next meeting. (O’Connor)

* A task group meeting on the development of the PMC section on Fire will be organised. Progress will be reported at the next meeting. (Honfi)
 
* A task group meeting on the development of the PMC section on Concrete will be organised. Progress will be reported at the next meeting. (Chen)
 
* A task group on the representation of progressive collapse will be established, a group meeting organised and work will be initiated. Progress will be reported at the next meeting. (Beck)
 
* A review panel for the probabilistic models suggested by the CEN TC250 AGH on Reliability Background will be established and a mini-workshop organised. A review document will be established and send to the AGH group. (Köhler)
 


> 