# WP1 meeting 20.06.2022

## Minutes

### Attendance:

Physically present:

* Inger Kroon
* Michael Faber
* João Andre
* Alan O’Connor
* Maria Pina Limongelli
* Jochen Köhler
* Matthias Schubert

Online:

* André Teófilo Beck
* Simona Miraglia
* Xiaodan Ren (来宾)
* Gerard Canisius
* Jianbing Chen (来宾)
* Daniel Honfi 
* Raphaël Steenbergen
* Jannie Sønderkær Nielsen
* Miroslav Sykora
* Dimitris Diamantidis
* Jana Markova
* Robby Caspeele
* Ton Vrouwenvelder
* Jinju Tao (来宾)
* John Dalsgaard Sørensen

## Summary:

The following ongoing tasks have been discussed during the WP1 meeting:

______

### Traffic load 
The core of the task group (O’Connor, Caprani) have been working on a draft version. This draft is about finalisation and will be discussed in the wider task group in September/October. The further developed draft will be presented at the next meeting.

**Action**: Distribute draft among the wider task group and call for a task group meeting. Further develop draft. (O’Connor, Caprani)

________

### Concrete 
Xiaodan Ren had [a presentation](https://folk.ntnu.no/jochenk/JCSS/Meeting_att/20220620-JCSS - r5.pdf) about the status of the work. A task group meeting will be organised and a draft background document will be produced and reported on until the next meeting. A more detailed action plan that incoorperates comments from the meeting is included in the [presentation](https://folk.ntnu.no/jochenk/JCSS/Meeting_att/20220620-JCSS - r5.pdf).

**Action**: Call for a task group meeting and develop a draft background document. (Chen, Ren)

_____
### Progressive collapse 
The activity has started and a task group kick off meeting took place. A draft background document was created and the task group is working on the different parts of the document. A. Beck presented the conted of the existing draft. It was commented that for the further development of the draft careful reference to existing JCSS documents (e.g. about structural robustness) should be made. In the discussion it became also clear that the initiative might be interesting for a larger group of experts within the JCSS.
 
**Action**: Further develop the draft. Extend the task group.  

______
### Eurocodes SC10, AhG (Vrouwenvelder)
The current status of the "AhG Reliability Background" was presented and discussed. A present correspondence with Paolo Formichi (convenor of CEN TC250 SC10) about the inclusion of bias in the representation of climatic actions was highlighed.

______
### Environmental exposure – Status of review
The document is still under review process. First comments from Robby Caspeele have been received and will be incorporated. (Val/Andrade)

**Action:** The review process continues and results will be presented at the next meeting. (Andrade, Val)

_______

### Fire 
The task leader will present upcomming developments in the next meeting. (Honfi)



