# WP1 meeting 8.12.2021

## Minutes

### Attendance:

* André Teófilo Beck
* Da-Gang Lu
* Jannie Sønderkær Nilsen
* Carmen Andrade
* Jianbing Chen
* Maria Pina Limongelli
* Matthias Schubert
* Sebastian Thöns
* Chris Roth
* Daniel Straub
* João Andre
* Mauricio Sanches Silva
* Raphael Steenbergen
* Robby Caspeele
* Zhao-Hui Lu
* Alan O’Connor
* Colin Caprani
* John Dalsgaard Sørensen
* Ton Vrouwenvelder
* Inger Kroon
* Michael Faber
* Jochen Köhler
* Xiaodan Ren (guest)
* Andreas Taras (guest)
* Francesco Ricciardelli (guest)
* Ramon Hingorani (guest)
* Zhao-Hui Lu (guest)

## Summary:

The following ongoing tasks have been discussed during the WP1 meeting:

______
### Environmental exposure – Status of review
The document is still under review process. First comments from Robby Caspeele have been received and will be incorporated. 

**Action:** The review process continues and results will be presented at the next meeting. (Andrade, Val)
______

### Traffic load 
The core of the task group (O’Connor, Caprani) have been working on a draft version. This draft is about finalisation and will be discussed in the wider task group in January/February. The further developed draft will be presented at the next meeting.

**Action**: Distribute draft among task group and call for a task group meeting. Further develop draft. (O’Connor, Caprani)
_______

### Fire 
The task leader was not present at the meeting. Reporting continuous at the next meeting.(Honfi)
________

### Concrete 
Xiaodan Ren had a presentation about the status of the work. A task group meeting will be organised and a draft background document will be produced and reported on until the next meeting.

**Action**: Call for a task group meeting and develop a draft background document. (Chen, Ren)

_____
### Progressive collapse 
The activity has not yet started but a task group kick off meeting will be organised in December.
 
**Action**: Organise a kick off meeting and report on the initiation of the activity at the next meeting. 

______
### Eurocodes SC10, AhG (Vrouwenvelder)
The current status of the "AhG Reliability Background" was presented and discussed. 


## Technical presentations

The following invited technical presentation took place during the meeting:
_____

*Andreas Taras, ETH Zurich:*

**Reliability Background for the design of Steel Structures**

_____

*Francesco Ricciardelli, Università della Campania:*

**Modelling of climatic action for Code implementation**

